Industrial Revolutions are technological and industrial transitions that undoubtedly irreversibly affect our society. The First Industrial Revolution introduced a transition from manual human labor to a mechanized factory system. The Second Industrial Revolution is known for the widespread industrial technology and extensive networking, which eventually leads to globalization. In the Third Industrial Revolution, the world shifted from mechanical and analog electronic technology to digitized electronics. The Fourth Industrial Revolution about automation systems and data exchange. We could see a lot of automated services such as driverless vehicles, salad-making robots, blockchain cryptocurrency, or even chatbots for online services. These services are disrupting century-old transport and manufacturing paradigms Many businesses are also adopting so-called “data-driven marketing” to enhance their sales. Artificial Intelligence is augmenting processes and skills in every industry. These technologies are redefining and narrowing the differences between the digital and physical worlds.
It could be said that the Fourth Industrial Revolution can be summarized via four principles: Interconnection, Information transparency, Technical assistance, and Decentralized decisions. Firstly, with wireless communication technology and Internet of Things capability, the interconnectivity between machinery, sensors, and other devices is established with effectiveness and efficiency. Secondly, the data transparency afforded by modern technology provides vast amounts of useful information needed for data users to make appropriate decisions. The aforementioned interconnectivity allows the collection of a massive amount of data and information from all points in the manufacturing process, hence assisting functionality and pinpointing important areas that can benefit from collected intel. Thirdly, the technological systems assist humans in decision-making and problem-solving, aiding or working instead of humans in case of dangerous and unwanted tasks. Lastly, existing vast cybernetic systems are capable of making decisions on their own and performing their tasks automatically. Humans only take some decisions for complex or exceptional tasks. 
A big obvious example for the Fourth Industrial Revolution would be the “Smart XXXXX” series, and a decent example would be the “smart factory”. An intelligent factory can operate resources with cost-effectiveness. Thanks to advanced robotics, big data, machine and deep learning, cloud solutions, and the Internet of Things, the process now happens on two planes – in the physical world, the product is made, and in the digital sphere, this product is improved through an influx of valuable data.
The numerous opportunities provided by a smart factory would be as follows. First of all, Machine learning. As the newer data are obtained and analyzed, the production will also be optimized over time, resulting in lower time and energy consumption. Then, Rapid prototyping and advanced manufacturing processes. Unique products will be orderable without stratospheric costs. Next, Human-Machine Interaction and Augmented Reality, these technologies can cut the number of human workers and provide safer working conditions. Lastly, Virtual Factory simulation platform. The simulation of the product prototypes will compensate for physical tests in the ongoing development process, thus also reducing costs.
On the other hand, the technology-based smart factory would disrupt older labor-based factories. Unskilled workers and dirty work-based workers might find themselves replaced with automated robots, which can just do the physical interactions without health hazard risks. Sports umpires are already assisted with videos, which can affirm the referee's decision or reverse the decision. Call center officers are being replaced with AI, which can deal with trivial inquiries. The imagination-based occupations will still remain relatively safe since modern AI still relies on old information and lacks creativity.